Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Lindsay Short: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Lindsay Short: Pretty good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. I'm good. And, nice to meet you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice to meet you. Okay, so what we're gonna do is we're going to complete what's called a bio psychosocial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it won't take very long. We can usually get them done pretty fast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm going to ask you a series of questions and then if you'll just elaborate on the questions that would be awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay, what brings you to bright heart.
Lindsay Short: Um, I've had a problem with heroin and meth for a while and I need help getting off of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Um, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any pain issues.
Lindsay Short: No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you tell me a little bit about your substance abuse history like at what age did you first use, what was the substance that you first used and how did it progress to where you are today.
Lindsay Short: Um, I didn't really use hardcore drugs for most of my life. It was just like drinking and weed and then when I went to New York for school. I messed around a little bit with heroin for a minute, but
Lindsay Short: I'd lost access to it and it was only a couple of months and
Lindsay Short: Never went back to it until fairly recently. It's a, like a year and a half or so. Two years at the most.
Lindsay Short: And I think it's no
Lindsay Short: Self medication or you know treating underlying depression and things more than anything.
Lindsay Short: When I
Lindsay Short: Like sorted out. It's just like, I don't care type mentality.
Lindsay Short: Just want to escape. So, um, and then the
Lindsay Short: Methods been I was on Adderall, for many years, and
Lindsay Short: That was helpful, but
Lindsay Short: I never. Well, I did for a while, take what I was supposed to. But after a while. I started taking more and more and then buying it on the streets and then it got to be too expensive. So in order to function I
Lindsay Short: transitioned over to me so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long have you been using that
Lindsay Short: Same about the same amount of time.
Lindsay Short: A couple years, maybe a little bit more on them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, let's see any past treatment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Substance Abuse Treatment
Lindsay Short: Yeah. Um, I've been in kind of rehab facilities, more than once, but
Lindsay Short: It was kind of
Lindsay Short: It wasn't actively like I wasn't using any part anything hardcore. My parents put me in these places because they didn't really know what to do with me when I was a mess just it's like issues, I guess you'd say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the next question. Any mental health treatment or diagnosis.
Lindsay Short: Yes.
Lindsay Short: Depression, anxiety,
Lindsay Short: And I'm sure there's been other diagnoses. But that's, I mean,
Lindsay Short: Many treatments. Many hospitalizations.
Lindsay Short: Not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just so it's Ins and Outs 5150
Lindsay Short: Yeah, in New York. I was hospitalized for like three months, they won't let me offer it up.
Lindsay Short: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three months. Wow.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, that's pretty
Lindsay Short: did more harm than good, I think. But yeah.
Lindsay Short: Three months a long time and California can never get away with that. I don't think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Lindsay Short: Is pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I guess. Um, okay. So any past suicide thoughts or attempts
Yeah.
Lindsay Short: Couple.
Lindsay Short: somewhat serious I'm
Lindsay Short: Serious
Lindsay Short: I'm multiple just kind of calls for help, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when was your last
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your last one.
Um,
Lindsay Short: It's been a while. I'd say the last was
Lindsay Short: When I got back from New York.
Lindsay Short: The first time and that was in like 2012 maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, okay. And what about thoughts. Do you still struggle with that. Or has it been that long since you've had any thoughts to
Lindsay Short: Know, I still struggle with thoughts, but I'm just like promised myself and my mom and everybody that I would never
Lindsay Short: Consider that again so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's, it's nice that you have them to be able to bounce it off of, you know,
Lindsay Short: Someone I did. Yeah, and I
Lindsay Short: Can't blame them. But like I I hurt my foot. My mom through so Martel, so kind of I'm not allowed to even say like I'm depressed. I'm sad anymore because these walls go up and she
Said,
Lindsay Short: She just can't handle it. So, and I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any past or current homicide thoughts or attempts
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everybody says no. Most people look at me like, what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about self harm any cutting or Bernie or anything like that.
Lindsay Short: Yeah.
Lindsay Short: started cutting when I was 21
Lindsay Short: And I don't really know why my life was what I, you know, that was perfect at the time.
Lindsay Short: It was like UCLA. I was in a sorority at friends. I was on my way to medical school. I thought, and one day is when I got really drunk and angry and then it was a struggle for many years to stop doing that. I haven't done that in probably five years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, around the same time as the
Lindsay Short: Last suicide it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so, um, can you tell me a little bit about your family dynamics, growing up as a kid. Did your parents stay together where they separated or divorced or you adopted. How many siblings do you have, you know, just the basic dynamics around your family unit.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, and my parents were together.
Lindsay Short: My dad died in 2016 from cancer, but they were great parents. I think I was the oldest of three.
Lindsay Short: More or less than only child, because I'm, I'm, like, six and a half and eight and a half years older. My brother and sister, but parents were supportive
Lindsay Short: You know,
Lindsay Short: I was
Lindsay Short: The only thing negative. I guess I could say, and I've done a lot of therapy.
Lindsay Short: As expected to be, you know, perfect and different in every which way. And, but, I mean, I can't complain. No abuse, nothing I've looked for it. There's nothing
Lindsay Short: Nothing. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any mental health or substance abuse within your family unit.
Lindsay Short: No, not that I'm aware of. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going back back again to your childhood, tell me what it was like for you in school.
Lindsay Short: And schools, I'm good. I was always very hard on myself and
Lindsay Short: Just did. Well, it came. Easy to me the most part.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You graduated. Well, obviously you graduate. If you went on to college right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely did you complete college
Lindsay Short: It took me a while. Um, but yeah, I got
Lindsay Short: Undergrad I did at UCLA, and then I went and did my Masters later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you have a master's
In nursing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey, good job.
Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any no military background know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past or present legal issues. No.
Think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Current or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Current financial stressors. Sorry.
Lindsay Short: student loan debt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, don't we love that.
Lindsay Short: Other than that, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, do you currently have any children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you currently in a relationship.
Lindsay Short: Yes, I have a boyfriend. We've been together about a year, but he doesn't know. I mean, he knows about my past, but he doesn't know nobody knows about any of my substance abuse like whatsoever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Lindsay Short: And that's probably like one of the biggest stresses is
Lindsay Short: Yeah, fear of being discovered.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What would happen if you told them what do you think would happen
Lindsay Short: Oh, he would be gone. My family would probably
Lindsay Short: Give up on me and it just
Lindsay Short: That'd be
Lindsay Short: Pretty sure sure as lose everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me why you're working with bright heart. What are some of the things that you think that you need to work on.
Lindsay Short: Self esteem.
Lindsay Short: Self forgiveness relationship like communication.
Lindsay Short: And
Lindsay Short: Just
Lindsay Short: Being holding myself accountable and
Lindsay Short: Not living in denial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, I don't think you live in denial. I think you're living in fear.
Lindsay Short: It's easy, though in the day to day to be. Think of it. I don't have an issue and, you know, because, yeah, I can
Lindsay Short: I don't know, I just can convince myself that
Lindsay Short: Though it's hard to come here and
Lindsay Short: I guess face reality or
Lindsay Short: Address. What I've really been doing to myself and look at it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just know that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We are definitely not a judgmental lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we are here to help you succeed right and walk through this and it's important that we build you up so that you're okay with you. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, okay. So my next question is do you do you attend to any kind of self help groups or meetings or anything like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Is it something that you're interested in doing or not interested in doing.
Lindsay Short: Not really. Um, I've done in the past and I wasn't a big fan. But more than that, it's just I don't really have the time.
Lindsay Short: Hard enough to keep the appointments here, I just work my work schedules kind of unpredictable. So
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, I was just curious because there is a program that is called women for sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you ever heard of smart recovery.
Lindsay Short: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so it's off of that philosophy really is is more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: smart recovery based and new life based but it really builds women builds your self esteem, the things that we need as women to succeed, you know, and to overcome all of those things. It's a little bit more different. It's different than a or na
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can get phone support, you can get you can go to online zoom you know zoom meetings. If you choose. They don't have them every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Depending on your area, you know, they'll have them on certain days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A huge amount of literature that can help as far as self affirmations as far as agreements with yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty amazing, you know, really something for you to think about even just diving into a little bit of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of their literature to help build up your self esteem and different things to be able to build up you know your daily affirmations on where you're at right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's, it's pretty amazing. I have a few women that I work with that are actually, you know, diving into some of the literature and stuff and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I went to an amazing
Lindsay Short: Facility, a long time ago that was based on that model. I don't really remember anything about it though, be something to consider.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's definitely something to at least go in and and look at and even if you could pull off, off of their literature page the daily
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do they call it. It's not daily affirmations, but they have a different word that they call it. And so you're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh gosh, I totally got tongue tied. Hold on, let me pull it up so that I can explain it in the correct manner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want to get it wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's definitely different. I love the literature that they have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's levels, instead of step work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is called a new life program is what it's called.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then I see acceptance statements.
Like
Lindsay Short: The 12 STEP program. I remember that much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Us you liked it better than vegetables.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Lindsay Short: Search based I think then
Lindsay Short: Yeah, and the higher power and all that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of people do have an issue with that and and that's okay because, you know, a isn't you know it's not recovery and sobriety. It's about you. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not about anything else. So if you look at these
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can see the difference.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you think of these
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So this is what they call the acceptance statements and so to get into the mindset in the morning what I've been asking some of the women that I work with is to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is to either go to the website in the morning or download this one page and read it every morning that you get up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, you can read it on your way to where you can read it, you know, while you're getting ready for work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it really puts that positive thought process in your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just start your day with and it's something. It's up to you, you know, really, because this is about you and what you're comfortable with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But this is like a start. You know what I mean, this is about getting you to that point where you're comfortable with with who you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you think
Lindsay Short: I'm open to it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm glad only because I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I definitely wouldn't. I definitely wouldn't promote something that I didn't believe in. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know that a lot of people struggle with the spiritual aspects, the higher power aspect of a na and so there has to be other things we can do to promote self esteem to promote, you know, living a healthy lifestyle to be okay and comfortable in our own skin, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I like to, there's plenty of stuff to read articles.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They even have one on self esteem. It's pretty amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I encourage you to go check it out and see if it's, you know, stuff that you're willing to work with work on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to see if maybe it's something that would work for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet you're busy so you're technically a nurse right graduated as a nurse.
You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow, you're busy.
Lindsay Short: It's not even that so much. I mean it is that, but it depends, like some right right now, I'm just kind of just going, minute to minute by
Lindsay Short: Just coming off heroin and everything.
Lindsay Short: I feel like I'm just reacting to my mood of the moment and doing what I have to do to keep functioning. So, I mean, if that would help. That's great. But sometimes they feel like it's too much effort.
Lindsay Short: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, can I, how many, how long do you actually have silver and I asked you that
Lindsay Short: Weeks maybe
Lindsay Short: bleak see week however long I've been prescribed Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you got to be kind to yourself right now because you are in this whole transition
Lindsay Short: Over though.
Lindsay Short: I mean, I'm still using the math.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we want to get you to a point where you're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And as a nurse, you know, the medical aspects of that.
Yeah, absolutely.
Lindsay Short: I mean, I hate it. And I hate myself for using it and but I still have to keep functioning and I don't know how to do that without it you know it. Also, I had in my mind that it would be more doable to address one thing at a time. I don't know. Maybe that's just bullshit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you mean to address like the heroin usage versus the that's
Lindsay Short: Yeah, do that. Heroin first and then later but
Lindsay Short: I was all I just don't know how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm trying to think. Because, you know, you've already addressed. You've already started addressing the heroin issue.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you've you're in a map program to to, you know, with medication assisted treatment to be able to stay away from the heroin piece. And so now we've got to get to get you to a point where you can do the same thing with math, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get some distance between you and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the math and you know I you and I can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know we can do therapy on a regular basis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And devise an action plan for you to be able to wean yourself off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And get away from it. If that's the most comfortable way to do it for you. It's up to you.
Lindsay Short: I think I needed just like a week off of life to be able to go sleep.
Lindsay Short: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was gonna be my second question, do you have, is there any way that you could take a couple days off work and have the weekend. If you don't work the weekends and then back to back a couple weekdays, to be able to
Lindsay Short: Live, but it would need to give like a couple months notice
Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you know that the the detox from math is really sleeping and eating and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of self care.
Lindsay Short: dreading it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it really is. It's just about taking you know what Bas being kind to yourself, knowing that when you're in this emotional roller coaster.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're exactly going through what you need to go through to get you know it completely out of your system, you know, but it's surely is nothing compared to heroin, trying to get off heroin and you're physically very sick right
Lindsay Short: Medication. It's a piece of cake.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, with medication. It's a lot easier. Which is why because a lot of people continue to use because they're afraid of that which are all
Lindsay Short: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like they use it. First, you know, to for the high, then the highs gone and they're just using to feel normal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, avoid being said with methods, a little bit. You know, it's a lot different, because you don't have all those physical ailments that go with the detox. You have tiredness.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: emotional rollercoaster.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You feel like you're starving all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you you know your body's been lacking this substance you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is good for you. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it wants to keep it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm more than willing to work through this with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Lindsay Short: I want to get through it. I just wish there is a way like which there's a medication or it could be sedated for withdrawal person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Lindsay Short: They don't do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's really nothing to there's really nothing you know unless they not you know unless you go and they you get knocked out for three or four days, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it's you just lose days that way with method, you know, the detox really isn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That so much physical is what it is emotional and mental you know
Lindsay Short: Much more scared of the emotional burden. I can handle the physical
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, um, I don't know if you're aware of this, but you know any kind of addiction treatment that you have to take time off from work for really falls under HIPAA and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is a medical issue, you know that right
Lindsay Short: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if even if you thought about going to a detox some kind of inpatient detox for two or three days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It would fall under HIPAA, it would fall under short term disability.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Lindsay Short: You could just tell them that I had a medical needed medical leave
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or something. Yeah. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Qualify for, you know, FM la
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something to research.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And look into.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Might be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, an avenue for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be able to go, you know,
Yeah.
Lindsay Short: That would be amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. And yeah, they don't your work doesn't have to know, again, it's a medical issue, it falls under HIPAA
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's kind of where we sit with it. So something to think about.
Lindsay Short: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a shorter faster way.
Lindsay Short: Of detoxing off Madden, you know, definitely look into it, my bosses. I mean, I just was thinking if it would be
Lindsay Short: If you give me hell like past be passive aggressive, he can. He's a neurosurgeon, and he thinks he's God's gift and I serve him basis so nice guy. In general, but if I did something like that. I just worried that it be make my life, however long time after
Lindsay Short: I don't know, I can do it though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, just explore your options and see, you know, what's going to be the best route for you to be able, you know, to do it and either which way you decide to walk through this with you. Whichever way you decide to do it. All right. Just know that you have support and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll be here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whether you go through detox and come back or whether you just, you know, work at it at home. I think my concern is about you working at it alone at home is that you're alone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you still got to put up you know this presence with your boyfriend and your family that you're okay when you're not feeling okay
Lindsay Short: That's the thing with my boyfriend. I mean, I've been
Lindsay Short: Sick. Many times this year. Just when I was trying to come off and heroin before, but something like this would just, I don't know how I'd explain it.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, he going somewhere, though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, for a couple days.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something to think about. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we're done. I mean, it was pretty painless. They didn't do your bio psychosocial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When I heard it's
Lindsay Short: nearly as bad as I expected.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I know a lot of people like I've done, I've used to work at a residential treatment center and sitting with people doing a 30 page bio psychosocial that asked repetitive questions. It's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just apologize. I remember apologizing. Like, I'm so sorry because you've already answered that question, but I have to ask it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, bright heart has it condensed and exactly what the information that they need. They have so it's pretty painless.
Lindsay Short: And then with brighter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Almost a year now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of amazing I came from a residential treatment program and I wanted to get out of that setting and really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Come into the setting and work from home, and that's what I've been doing since it's pretty amazing.
Lindsay Short: Whole new thing that I didn't know existed until recently, but it's pretty cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. Okay, so, um, I what I would like to do is for you to set up a schedule an individual session for next week with me. And let's discuss what your options are and what direction you want to go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again I will walk through it with you if you're going to do it at home, you know, we can check in daily. We can check in every other day. We can check in twice a week, you know, whatever is going to help you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how I can support you in the best possible manner, while you're going through this. Okay.
Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we do that for me.
Lindsay Short: We'll do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and then do some research and let me know what you decide to do
Lindsay Short: Sounds good.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, Lindsey, I will talk to you later. And I'm looking forward to seeing you next week.
Lindsay Short: Alright, thanks so much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Have a great week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Misty Bailey: I'm doing good. How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am doing awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How Was Your Week.
Misty Bailey: Not
Misty Bailey: Just kind of
Misty Bailey: Doing
Misty Bailey: I don't really think of much anything exciting that happened this week I painted birdhouses with the kids. I completed a puzzle.
Misty Bailey: More most exciting things that happened this week, I suppose.
Is work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Works going good.
Misty Bailey: Yeah works going just fine.
Misty Bailey: Couple more potential projects came in, so that's good. It's always good to make money.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, my, uh, my life is kind of boring, which I prefer so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't blame you. Mine is too. And thank God you know out of the chaos and into the piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think we just get to a certain point where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Chaos just no longer works, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What to eat. Debbie Debbie's
Misty Bailey: Stressful and hectic sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, big time. Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I drink it a smoking. Are you doing
Misty Bailey: I am light.
Misty Bailey: I'm trying to because I got a thing that you stick your laptop on that has fans to help keep the computer. Cool.
Misty Bailey: My computer tends to I'm on it all the time. And so when I'm on it. It's usually video calls and stuff. And I'm also trying to charge it at the same time, and it just tends to get hot, but the problem is is I just got it and the cord is like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I sort
Misty Bailey: It's actually like that long. It's like your computer's way over here and I'm having put it way over here and like adjusting
Misty Bailey: Until I can figure out how to get a longer court because it's USB to USB and the new MacBook Pros only have four USB seaports
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think I see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no actual USB ports, right, because I, that was my struggle was not having that's the sea. Right.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, that little circular kind of round looking one
Misty Bailey: Yeah, yeah, yeah. My only has for us BC, which is odd because, I mean, hopefully things will start going to a universal USB see at some point.
Misty Bailey: Like I'm upset that the new iPhone 11 we're still at their old table and didn't upgrade to the newest USB see because everything is upgrading to that point, and even their pros or USB see that
Misty Bailey: Yeah, I mean, that's all I have to complain about. I'm doing pretty good so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's crazy, because you have to get the in adapter from Mac or from Apple
Misty Bailey: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For it to be able to connect a USB two and that's been my struggle with it too is just that I can't plug anything in you know into it, except my my iPhone. The only thing I could plug into it.
Misty Bailey: Got at one point, I got a cheaper.
Misty Bailey: I got a cheaper like a cord from for my laptop and because Apple. Apple cords are just their trash.
Misty Bailey: The My computer is slightly over a year old, and within the first six months, the apple core just died. It wouldn't charge me. And so I had to end up getting one from like Amazon and they're so expensive.
Misty Bailey: Expensive apples, just an expensive product to have and I used to use Android, but I switched over to Apple when I started working for gravity jack because literally everything is apple
Misty Bailey: Mm hmm. All our computers, everyone's phones. Every like everything we do is apple. And I'm like, it gets I gotta jump on the bandwagon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gotta get on the Apple. Apple, you know, Apple definitely has its good good points about it for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But yeah, they are very, very expensive, very expensive and every thing you know you got your mouse that you got to buy separate you got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: earbuds you got to buy separate, you know. It's crazy. By the time you're done, you've invested couple thousand dollars in a system and and every piece that should come with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To run it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
But it doesn't
Misty Bailey: Pray Terry information on primary software.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. I agree with you. So tell me some of the things that refresh my memory. What are we working on today.
Misty Bailey: So mostly is kind of what we were working on last time we just patience and then I kind of spoke a word about other things that I might need to work on. And part of that is like
Misty Bailey: Empathy, not the greatest empathizing with people and I realized that I don't lack empathy, especially when it comes like animals or like definitely if someone's like embarrassed or upset, like on TV or play correctly. I have empathy in general. Yeah, sometimes I'm just not very good.
Misty Bailey: At empathizing, I suppose, like last night, for example, my friend comes in and he's like one of his co workers, Zach. Turns out he has like a lower lung infection and he has just been he's been gone for like the last month and a half and just came back last week.
Misty Bailey: And he has to leave again because he can't come back until all this stuff is over with. Because now he's considered high risk.
Misty Bailey: Which then we're going to kind of a kind of a crappy slot, because now he's having to do work six days a week for the scalable future
Misty Bailey: Kind of a situation. And I'm just like, well, we're money and he's like, well, not really. And I'm like, well, more like I'm thinking of trying to like think of positive things and he's just, you know, grumpy about it.
Misty Bailey: And rather than empathizing that he's like a crappy I'm just like, why can't you just not be upset. Like, deal with it. It's life occasionally
Misty Bailey: Crap isn't going to go your way and you're going to have to work and you're going to have to take over your responsibilities, like, what are you going to do about it, but like nothing. Just stop pitching.
Misty Bailey: But instead of like emphasizing me like, okay, yeah. Understand, like you're upset and the sucks for you. I tend to go the opposite direction. I'm just like, get over it kind of a situation.
Misty Bailey: That with the stove, the other day, we have a we live in, like, a field at area kind of right outside of town, so we can have a lot of mice and the mice will put like dog food into the oven.
Misty Bailey: And so I was like, You need to get the dog food out of the oven, like we need to work on this. And then, of course, he was just like instantly past like, doesn't my project for the week. And it just gets like
Misty Bailey: Basically any minor inconvenience for him turns into like it's huge drama fast and, in my opinion, like I'm just more like shopping, get it done.
Misty Bailey: It's like some things take maintenance takes maintenance. It's called having a house. Get over it. Instead of empathizing with him. How do you take time out of his day to do that kind of stuff.
Misty Bailey: So I struggled with that.
Misty Bailey: Quite a bit. Just in general. I'm saying with like the kids like when they're bored. Like, that's an important. I don't care, find something to do. And I heard entertainment like I just don't. I'm just not very good empathizing with people.
Misty Bailey: When situations occur.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's really about how you present the information. It sounds to me like you know i don't know how we can, how we can develop empathy and if we don't start first, changing the way that you're giving the information
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean like you just identified the ways that you should have responded versus the ways that you did respond
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, kind of the way I I mostly try to like not respond like
Misty Bailey: President when he's doing like the stove. I just walked away. I didn't say anything to him because I knew if I would have said something, it would have been like, get over it.
Misty Bailey: And I didn't want to say that. So it's just like
Misty Bailey: Just keep my mouth shut, kind of a situation. And then like yesterday when he was bitching about it and I try to come up with a couple positives. I finally just had him like
Misty Bailey: Just sort of told him like can you think of anything positive in this situation. If not, then, you know, why are you complaining
Misty Bailey: And I could tell you, like, really upset about that.
Afterwards,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, I know this sucks. And I'm really sorry that you have to, you know, do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is what it is you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My favorite statement. Used to be, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's the cold hard truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get over it. It is what it is just the cold hard facts right and so really, really, that piece and and being able to to even if you don't feel empathy or you you don't feel that empathetic piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those things that the way that you respond to it.
Is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is the vital importance of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know definitely we all come come into situations where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We don't feel empathy, like maybe somebody is has brought the situation on themselves. And it's hard to feel indebted to somebody that that you know, does that, you know, to mean well, does that. But in the same sense, it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: reeling back and in really realizing what to say versus what not to say hey you know what I mean is really it. It's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your head. There's nothing wrong with in your head saying it's just the way it is. Life's hard, you have a house. These are things you have to deal with. But really watching what comes out of, you know, out of your mouth, saying, you know, you got to change it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Eventually, maybe you might develop a little bit more empathy. But, you know, you're pretty cut and dry, you know, this is just how it is. And you know, it's not it's not a character flaw. It's just a piece of who you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And there's nothing wrong with it, missy. Just some people don't know how to how to respond, you know, or they get upset because you because you lack
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you lack empathy. People think that you lack caring
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And reality that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's absolutely not true. You care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just not about the situation. This is just a part of life. These are things that we have to do. Just do it, get done with it and get on with life. Right.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, I mean that's how that's how I've always just kind of good stuff is no matter what we're going to have situations where she had just isn't going to go our way.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, rather than complaining about it or getting upset about it.
Misty Bailey: I actually read an article the other day, I don't know. I really, really, really wish I would have like saved it but it was about how
Misty Bailey: People big traumatic events don't affect people the same way that a bunch of like small inconveniences do that are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Misty Bailey: In our body is designed to overcome these big obstacles like something really tried to cabins and we have a way to be able to handle that. But when like little small inconveniences come about that doesn't kick in and we just don't handle in the same way we would handle big situations.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, and I feel like sometimes that's absolutely me and I feel like that in general is like
Misty Bailey: I don't know. I thought it was super interesting because I can totally see that. Because to me, most inconveniences aren't a big deal. But when I have a ton of review the really, really small things that just don't go my way
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yeah.
Misty Bailey: You know, you just kind of get frustrated and you just kind of blow up a little bit. But yeah, for me.
Misty Bailey: I don't know. I thought it was just really interesting just kind of article. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. And the more that that you read on different on empathy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How to develop empathy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, a lot of times
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good example like what is empathy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: According to influence influential psychologist Daniel Goldman empathy is one of the five key components of emotional intelligence, a vital leadership skill, it develops through three stages cognitive empathy emotional empathy and compassionate empathy. So, which makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, let me share this with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to be doing all this research on how they develop empathy now. Thank you. You gave me a project. I love it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so this is from what's called mine tools.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go up and look. See, and a lot of times, you know, when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We always as therapists, go and look for new things to be able to work with our clients with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And so for me this is you've just given me a challenge. I love it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cognitive empathy. Right. It's about being empathetic in your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cognitive empathy is ability to understand what other what other person might be thinking or feeling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It need not involve any emotional engagement, but by the observer. So in no emotional engagement by you managers may find cognitive empathy useful in understanding how their team members are feeling and therefore what style of leadership would get the best from from them. Today's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Similarly sales executives can use it to gauge the mood of a customer, helping them to choose the most effective tone for conversation cognitive EMPATHY IS THE MOST RATIONAL into in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: lecture hall. I almost couldn't say that word and emotional neutral ability. This means that some people use it for negative purposes. For example, those with a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mac, she'll I can't even say that word personality trait may use cognitive empathy to manipulate people who are emotionally vulnerable. Okay, I get that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But for us it's about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thinking it. But basically, first off, it's about changing that that that thought process to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, if I was if I was in his shoes. How would I feel in this moment, I can understand his frustration. You know what I mean. And then really giving kind words. You know what I mean, saying kind things. So you're speaking hypothetically.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's almost like fake
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's almost like faking it till you make it so learning how to change the way that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you respond to people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right until you actually feel it, because the next piece is the emotional empathy.
Misty Bailey: Cognitive empathy. I feel like I could, for sure. Work on that more I understood. I feel like I understand what someone else might be thinking in a situation
Misty Bailey: Like I can understand, for example, right, be frustrated to have to fix this up because that is rushing because it's like crap. I gotta do this.
Misty Bailey: I then after that point. That's what I struggle with is like, okay, I understand how you be frustrated. However, get over it.
Misty Bailey: Like, that's kind of where it stops it stops it like, okay, I understand why you'd be sad or upset or frustrated
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure.
Misty Bailey: But now it's time to put on your big boy panties and just deal with the situation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe that maybe that piece is what needs to not be said
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It could
Misty Bailey: See, I don't normally I don't say that this is this, but this is why I think I have a tendency you rather not say anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing at all.
Misty Bailey: I hate confrontation and in relationships. I'm very much. I don't like to fight. We don't like to start fights and like parasites.
Misty Bailey: And when I feel like an argument might come on, or what I say might potentially cause an argument. I literally just walk away and go do something else. And I'll say anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To
Misty Bailey: Me, that's a better alternative than starting an argument.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do you ever go back and address the issue.
Misty Bailey: Sometimes, depending on what it is oftentimes I will give myself a little bit of time to determine if it's been worth it, like, Okay. Was it me just being like
Misty Bailey: Because even whatever reason or upset, for whatever reason, or is this like a pattern or is it something that I need to address it. I think it's me. I need to address. I will address it later down the road.
Misty Bailey: More so, especially with him. Please calm, because he he's a very, very emotional dramatic person.
Misty Bailey: So the opposite. So I have to be super careful about when I bring some of like that because if he's already having like a whatever moment.
Misty Bailey: That it's just not worth it at that time when he's already kind of frustrated or something. So I have a tendency to just walk away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and then come back and adjusted when things are calmer and
Misty Bailey: Yeah, if I feel like it needs address. Sometimes it's like okay I was just being crappy for no reason. Like, no point in me addressing it because I was literally just being a bitch. So there's that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: did go back and apologize if you were out and feel like you were Adeline
Misty Bailey: Oh yeah, oh yeah, always be the first took photos and like, okay, I'm sorry, I said that. I'm sorry. I was that way. Like, that wasn't that was rude of me, or that was like unkind of me if I ever feel like I did something wrong. I have
Misty Bailey: Indefinite Mila a humility to be able to be like, You know what, I, that was my my bed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, see, that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really good. And I also know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The tone the eye contact, the body language, all of that plays a factor in our communication. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so it does when you're trying to show somebody empathy as well. You know, if you're speaking in a kind tone if your words are are sincere, you know, then all of that they pick up on as well, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of makes a difference. So it starts up here, it would that thought process.
Misty Bailey: Through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The connection with the with the mouth and what exactly you're saying, and you know piece of it is is walking in their shoes, saying, you know, I have no idea what it feels like to be in your shoes. But if I were in your shoes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can see all your frustrated. I can see how you're hurt. I can see you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But really, you know, that's really kind of the start of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: developing empathy.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about for yourself.
Misty Bailey: What do you mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you show yourself empathy.
Misty Bailey: How, how does one show oneself empathy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you've been hurt if you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Said things that you wish that you wouldn't have said you feel bad. You go back into your apologize, but do you do you show yourself that kindness that you're trying to develop for other people.
Misty Bailey: Gosh, I guess I'm not sure what you mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It when you do something that you feel that you need to apologize, do you beat yourself up mentally or do you just accept it. All right. I took that I did that, you know, that's it. And do you move forward, is what I'm asking.
Misty Bailey: The ladder for sure.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, I'm not. I'm think I'm pretty
Misty Bailey: I don't have low self esteem in any in any means to, like, I'm not another kind of person to think on that or oh ugly or oh I just like this. Everybody or oh like
Misty Bailey: Sometimes I'm like really big, like I used to get Botox my forehead and like, like with Botox back because I these two huge lines. And I'm like, I just don't want to get one. I'm older. But it's not like oh my god I'm hideous because I have these two huge like indented my forehead.
Misty Bailey: I could probably do something to help prevent those in the future kind of situation or like, I don't know, I just, I don't. Again, I don't have like really neat like
Misty Bailey: Self esteem issues, I suppose. Like I don't beat myself up over anything I pretty much think things is like a learning experience when I do something. Something to learn from not something to dwell on or
Misty Bailey: beat myself up over, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is exactly what we try to teach people right we try to teach people don't beat yourself up over something identify it change the behavior and move on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've already got this really huge head start on so many. And so many of these thought processes that a lot of people struggle with, you know that right
Misty Bailey: No, I guess not really i don't i don't know how other people really like think about going away. I know that people tend to do that.
Misty Bailey: Like, like I know people tend to have anxiety or people don't have depression or or low self esteem or I understand. I understand where that can come from for a lot of people. Yeah.
Misty Bailey: I'm not sure why I've never felt that way. Um, I think part of I wouldn't say part of it is thanks to my dad. But then I see how my sister turned out and I'm not so sure.
Misty Bailey: This is just very, very different than I am, because when I was very much like a very prideful person like
Misty Bailey: My maiden name is browns. He's like, where the grounds, you're, you know, you're around like you can do anything you know he was very, very, very supportive.
Misty Bailey: And very much like you can do whatever you want to do if you put your mind to it. Like there's nothing you can do. So my dad's always been that kind of like just get up, do it.
Misty Bailey: A lot of my personality traits I think come from him and I was adopted from them you adopted me so like just a lot of his like mannerisms like
Misty Bailey: The get up and just do it. Just don't sit around my dad's like one thing, growing up. You never ever ever said the word hang out.
Misty Bailey: Because my dad's like nobody's hanging out. That's not a thing you do. You don't hang out hang out when you get in trouble. He's like, what are you doing like you need to be doing something
Misty Bailey: So my dad always instilled like you know if you're going to go somewhere, you need to do it because we have a reason a purpose to do something.
Misty Bailey: At home just hang out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And watch TV years
Misty Bailey: It's not like he was opposed to like downtime was really a friend's house to hang out.
Misty Bailey: There not. I'm going to go my friends house, and we're going to watch movies. Okay. Like that kind of having a purpose for what we do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. Because I totally understand that whole concept I totally do.
Misty Bailey: Yeah. Mostly it's because he didn't want me to get in trouble. He's just like hanging out just gets you in trouble coats, you'll go off and do just stupid stuff he was a teenager. Once he's like, you're totally. No, but I had, I had an unusual amount of freedom as a teenager.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good because you're trusting right
Misty Bailey: Yeah yeah I screwed up. I screwed up all the time. And my dad never like took away my freedoms, it was more of like what did you learn from that, like, one time I didn't come home on time and my
Misty Bailey: Curfew I think was like 2am
Misty Bailey: So it wasn't like I had an early curfew.
Misty Bailey: And I didn't show. So my dad boarded up the house in the house and I had to seek out my car.
Misty Bailey: And he's just like,
Misty Bailey: Are going to come home for curfew. I was like, yeah.
Yes.
Misty Bailey: Like that was his kind of like
Misty Bailey: I guess punishments or whatever because, yeah, I did. I screwed up a lot as as a kid as kids do.
Misty Bailey: I would screw up all the time, but it was one of those situations where he just let me make my mistakes and
Misty Bailey: And I'm super thankful for that because a lot of my like
Misty Bailey: When people turn 18 or 21 they want to go out and they want to drink and they want to have all this freedom and they're finding out from the parents dumb and they go kind of hog wild.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's
Misty Bailey: My life when I turned 18. I'm like, I'm kind of overdoing that because I did a lot of that as a teenager always out party always out friends always out drinking always out just like just doing whatever
Misty Bailey: I wanted. Then when I turned into an adult. I'm like, that's not so fun anymore like getting so drunk that I can't function for today's isn't really fun anymore.
Misty Bailey: Yeah job. I've got to pay bills like so I got a lot of that out when I was a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Younger
Misty Bailey: The guy just let me he's like you know what you're, you know, you never drive drunk, you never do like you have these set of like basic values and yeah you get in trouble, you get to the party or something like
Misty Bailey: So,
Misty Bailey: It's not that big of a deal so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What what awesome parenting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Definitely letting you learn your own lessons and yeah i mean i mean that's awesome. Honestly, it really is because it's really taught you a lot, you know a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What to do, what not to do. You know what I mean. Test the fire, and if it's hot, stay away from it. And you know, that's really kind of what he has instilled in you and that's amazing. I just want to tell you that
Misty Bailey: Yeah.
Misty Bailey: I have a
Misty Bailey: Lot of respect for my dad you know he's he's in blind Native American man that adopted, not just one, but two kids that were his
Misty Bailey: And he didn't have to
Misty Bailey: Wait, didn't need to because both he's on my birthday. Again, so he's my little brother's birth certificate, but we are actually his kids.
Misty Bailey: And I don't know, like, as an adult, thinking about that. I can't think of any guy that's like, yeah, let me put my name on this child's birth certificate that isn't mine, like who does that.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, apparently he did because he was with my mom during this time. So yeah, he did that, but
Misty Bailey: My sister. On the other hand, my sister has like nothing but horrible things to say about him our childhood, like the cheap. She's a little bit. So right now, she needs to get off all the medications that she's on
Misty Bailey: Some sort of like mental Institute rehab situation pretty bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, definitely different. Huh.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, it's interesting because we just turned out so dramatically different. My sister is a wicked, wicked smart individual
Misty Bailey: Lindsay waken smart and she just who thought process is so bizarre. It's like
Misty Bailey: She's been
Misty Bailey: Diagnosed with so many different things and it's all by this like one doctor
Misty Bailey: Which makes me like it concerns me because I feel like this doctor is a pill pusher in my personal opinion because my sister's on like over 13 different medications, including like
Misty Bailey: Painkillers like two different types of prescription painkillers, she's on like bipolar medication, she's on like just like
Misty Bailey: Everything you can possibly think of. And she has a guitar malformation, and she went to a surgeon up in Seattle and the surgeon was like, it's not bad enough to operate on
Misty Bailey: Like it's it's not bad enough, like you shouldn't be having all these issues. My sister is that kind of person that will have all these issues and if she find something that fits that criteria. Julie holds onto it for dear life is a reason why she's
Misty Bailey: Like
Misty Bailey: Broken, I guess. And then, so he didn't operate on her and then he went she went to a place here in Spokane. It was like, I'm having migraines.
Misty Bailey: And the doctor migraine clinic was like, okay, we can help you but you got to get off all this medication first and then we can help you like we can't
Misty Bailey: Help you those that occasion, of course, her responses.
Misty Bailey: To satisfy your. They don't know what the heck they're talking about data and she gets very violent very aggressive very like everybody else's stupid, but her like she has an issue and nobody wants to help her. And I'm like,
Misty Bailey: Well, Jay. They can't really figure out what's wrong with you, it could be like a side effect of one of these many medications. It could be a rebound headache from all the pain pills or it could be like a whole fluid or things that they don't know if you're still taking stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Misty Bailey: And so having a doctor that's prescribing her like pain pills and prescribing her psych medication one doctor prescribing all of that. I just feel like she found someone that will prescribe or whatever she wants.
Misty Bailey: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was just hard to find. Nowadays,
Misty Bailey: Yeah, so I feel like I feel like that's this doctor because i don't i don't know any like ethical doctor that would prescribe that many medications in so many different avenues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: especially nowadays.
Misty Bailey: I know and so like I just worry about our lot cuz she just she'll have her up moments and, but for the most part, what she just isn't this weird like just the stuff she thinks and says, isn't the kind of stuff. She used to think and say, like, even five years ago.
Misty Bailey: And I just feel like the amount of medication, she's on
Misty Bailey: Has really messed with her mind a lot
Misty Bailey: Like the fact that her boyfriend wants to kisser is like this huge like molestation kick him out. I hate them. It's like just freak out. I'm like dude. It's a normal thing in a normal relationship to kiss your partner.
Misty Bailey: Like she doesn't see that it's like this bizarre like concept, you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How old is she,
Misty Bailey: She's two years. I'm going to be so she has 26
Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would, would the mores, we're talking about her. I thought she was like a teenager.
Misty Bailey: He acts like one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She actually how long, how long she been on this medication.
Misty Bailey: Finally, the last five years. She's been on some sort, and it just keeps getting, like, more and more and worse and worse. Again, if she can cling to a diagnosis that explains her issues, but she will she'll come to it for Dear, dear life.
Misty Bailey: Like she recently had a car broken into. And I halfway suspect that was not really a breaking
Misty Bailey: I have was just like she ran out of pain meds and was hoping that having everything stolen from her, including the pain meds because like Jay, would you have your laptop and your payments and everything on your car.
Misty Bailey: To me, that's just a weird
Misty Bailey: Whatever, but okay so she got much stuff stolen and lady from the insurance that does all the investigations, because if you have an insurance claim they investigate it. And she's like,
Misty Bailey: How do I know you are who you say you are. She's like, well, I can send you an email right now. And she's like, okay, I'll look at my at home please like, Well, can you look at it, right.
Misty Bailey: Now and then, so we can continue talking so it gets claim going and she just like No, because I don't know who you say you are has no one ever questioned who you are, before. And I'm just like, Jay. That's a really weird. But that's not what normal people think
Misty Bailey: People don't really think like
Misty Bailey: Who else would know that you filed a claim on your insurance for these last items like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Misty Bailey: Doesn't make sense.
Misty Bailey: But I say that to her because I questioned or
Misty Bailey: Even a little bit. She would absolutely go off the deep end. And she keeps thinking that that needs to be put into a home and I was like, no, that's not being putting all he's crazy. He's going crazy. He's going senile, I'm thinking
Misty Bailey: I think you're the one that's having issues. Yes. My dad is having a lot of memory lapse issues. He's also 67
Misty Bailey: Eight restarting to get memory lapse issues, but when I talked to him. He sounds more sane than you do. But that's what I think in my head, but it could never tell her that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Misty Bailey: Like she thinks that dad gave her phone number to the post office, the wrong phone number, the post office. And I'm like, why would you do that. I don't know.
Misty Bailey: Because he wants me to get in trouble and like how would giving the wrong phone number, the post office, get in trouble. I don't know, but it just instantly is like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He did it Maria. Yeah.
Misty Bailey: But so she just, yeah. It breaks my heart because my sister is like one of my best friends. And it's been like a recent development. Like, I would say probably the last three to five years that she's really just went wrong. Like I don't know who you are anymore.
Misty Bailey: Like I don't know where my sister went because like even her idea of us, growing up. Yes. My dad had a bit of a drinking problem when you drink. He was kind of an asshole.
Misty Bailey: That was about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Misty Bailey: A little bit of a temper problem, but as always have a temporary issue.
Misty Bailey: Nobody's perfect. But in my sister's had she had this like horribly abusive like traumatic childhood.
Misty Bailey: I was like, you realize, me and why it were there too. And we don't think that
Misty Bailey: Like we don't. We didn't have that would you weren't there when he did all this stuff. And I'm like, I just
Misty Bailey: I don't, I don't think so. I don't think this stuff really happened the way you think it happened.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, like, and also, even if he was kind of a dick, when you were kids. Were you ever sexually abused. No. Were you ever hit know did you have food. Yes. Do roof overhead. Yes, Dad. Give you $1,000 the beginning of every school year, get ready clothing clothing. Yes.
Misty Bailey: Like, by all accounts, you had everything and more that could possibly ask for growing up.
Misty Bailey: Right, if you wanted to be in sports. My dad was a sports fanatic. If you were in sports, the agreement was he would buy a brand new equipment every year.
Misty Bailey: For being in sports, you never have to use use equipment you always get brand new equipment, it'd be an intern season like he would always ensure that we have the things we need, so in my head, I'm like, what, what was so bad.
Yeah.
Misty Bailey: I can't think of anything that was so bad.
Misty Bailey: Was a that's yeah was absolutely perfect. No. Didn't have a mom. That's correct.
Misty Bailey: Yes. Yeah, and I only drink anymore but encouraging.
Misty Bailey: But nobody's perfect like I could only imagine being a blind 30 year old male with three kids to which are yours that you're trying to support
Misty Bailey: That would be enough to make me probably drink.
Misty Bailey: Especially given me. We are
Misty Bailey: Like thinking back now about all the hell of it. My dad just like
Misty Bailey: Yeah, I can see it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See, there it is right there you just showed empathy for your dad.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, I have so much like I just have so much respect for him.
Misty Bailey: Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly what it was telling you to do, put yourself in his shoes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Imagine how he would feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just voiced empathy for your that yeah
Misty Bailey: And I told my dad that so many times. My dad's responses I block it out.
Misty Bailey: All the crazy stuff I did as a kid I block it out.
Misty Bailey: It was brings me to
Misty Bailey: A lot of respect for my dad so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He just had a lot of empathy.
Misty Bailey: empathy for him.
But
Misty Bailey: I mean maybe part of that is that I respect him so much. Yeah.
Like I just respect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you apply that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To your boyfriend you apply that to these small little things that you feel you know in those areas that you feel that you lack that empathy and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to be in that same mindset in those little instances as well.
Misty Bailey: I think the hard part is I don't understand, like, I understand why they might feel that way. But I also don't understand why they continue to feel that way.
Misty Bailey: My dad. It's a little bit different because, again, I think, me and my dad think a lot of life, because I was just taught to think a lot like he does.
Misty Bailey: Like for example, my dad agrees that depression is a thing. But God is very open. He's like, yes, I've struggled depression. Do I let it affect me know
Misty Bailey: Like, that's just how he is, and I guess for like me being able to empathize with him is because I
Misty Bailey: Totally think and feel the way that he does. Yeah, empathizing with someone that I don't necessarily agree with, like, I don't agree with the way of handling it. That's where I have a lot more issue with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure.
Misty Bailey: Like I can understand why you get frustrated. But I also don't understand why you continue to stay frustrated or right you continue to let it affect you. I don't understand why you do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so changing that to, you know, I understand you know how you're feeling right now I understand where you're frustrated
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how can we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get you out of that and that frustration. You know what I mean, and really kind of focusing on helping them veer to the other side of it. You know what I mean, whether it be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Changing the subject and talking about something, you know, a memory of something that was funny, something that you today together something that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will take them out of that mindset in that moment. You know what I mean that that's showing it. But the as well as you understand that they're frustrated. You know what I mean. But that's as far as it goes. But how can you help them get to the other side of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And so just being able to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They feel that empathetic piece for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, I can see that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like with the kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I understand you're bored boredom as part of life, you really, really as well get bored sometimes is what are you going to do about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. What are our options. What can you do to get out of being bored is their game you can play. Is there a book. You can read his or music he can listen to what is it that you can do to help you not be bored.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. So it's like helping them get to that other piece get to that connection of the resolution, would you have the resolution. It's like this is just how it is. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is, I think, the way that you think is awesome. To be honest with you. You know what I mean and applying a little bit of the problem solving skills that you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To their frustration and helping them get to the other side, really shows more empathy than anything else, you could say or do.
Misty Bailey: You mean telling them only boring people get bored.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just say it right, make them laugh about it. You know what I mean, say, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: make a joke out of it, make make funny to where they're out of that mindset and they're, you know, they're off to something else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What can you do to solve that problem. You know what I mean, I understand, new board and I get it. We all get bored. Sometimes what is it you can do to get out of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and helping them veer towards that solution mind focus that you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Now you just need to share it and kind of share it with the people that you live with. It's pretty amazing.
Misty Bailey: Yeah. Kids are whole like I can talk about them all day, both good and negative
Misty Bailey: One. He just turned five
Misty Bailey: Right now, he doesn't understand the difference between the line a joke.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Misty Bailey: It's caught lying. He says, I was just joking.
Misty Bailey: Yeah, because in all honesty, when we do joke with people, a lot of time is misdirection and it is lying when we talk about two people. So like when it gets caught and in trouble if he's, he goes, I'm just joking. He thinks it's totally okay because
Misty Bailey: None joke. It's a joke is when you
Misty Bailey: Do something I'm true like in his head. That's how it works. And I'm like, What a joke also has to be funny and it can't hurt other people
Misty Bailey: Yeah, like he can't use his little five year old head. You just cannot understand the difference. So we had to talk about, like, be crying wolf as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like you
Misty Bailey: Can you say I'm just joking. Everything we're not going to be serious with something serious happens
Misty Bailey: Yeah situation. And he also has his whenever you get some chiller now.
Misty Bailey: His responses. Well, I was bored.
Misty Bailey: Like, oh I draw on the walls because I was bored. I got to. That's a good enough reason. The hard part is
Misty Bailey: Is he stays with us three to four days a week, he said, his mom to three days a week. And then he says his grandparents, one, two days a week and his mom and his grandparents on that side. They none of them work.
Misty Bailey: If you know the most don't work. And so they literally do nothing but cater to these two kids all day.
Misty Bailey: Like
Misty Bailey: For you. We've got activities, we've got things to do and they literally cater to them all day every day.
Misty Bailey: Especially the grandma and it's really, really difficult. So they come over here and I'm like, I gotta work, dude.
Misty Bailey: You just got to work. We can see here and play with you all day. They get upset and they act out and
Misty Bailey: They want they're just like, because I was born. You weren't there to play with me. So I did whatever I wanted to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So in switching that in switching that around right before the day starts
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can sit with them and say, all right,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want you to get bored today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So here's their choices of activities that you can engage in while I'm working and why your dad is working so that you don't get bored and so that you know little things like writing on the wall doesn't happen. What is it that you're going to choose to do so you don't get bored.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The beginning of the day. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I really would hate for you to get bored today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I really would hate that I know that you get bored. A lot. Sometimes me and data work in. So here's some things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To something that when you start feeling bored, you're going to, you're going to do. Here's, you know, here's this here's this here's this choose one that you're going to be able to do when you get bored today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. So you've already addressed it in the beginning of the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you check in with them, you know, you check in with them in a couple hours have you gotten BORED YET. Have you done you know what you said you were going to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, did it work, you know, bored anymore. You know what I mean. And it's just about redirecting their their their mind process their thought process. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Giving them options.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then holding them to that those options.
Misty Bailey: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. It's kind of like a psychological
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're basically using psychology to help them get to where they need to be.
Misty Bailey: Right. I just feel. I feel like there's a big disservice those kids because like they go to a private school pretty wealthy private school
Misty Bailey: They get kind of everything handed to them on a silver platter kind of situation expression on the wrong side.
Misty Bailey: And so they're very like the mom side of the family is very, very well off until they get what they want. And so, Michelle Hudson, the five year old if it takes any like iota of work.
Misty Bailey: If there's like, it's not just pure and unadulterated fun. There's even a bit of work, you just like, I'm out. I don't want to do this.
Misty Bailey: Like when we're flowers in the front yard, he only wanted to put in the bolts, because that's the fun part. I told him like you don't dig the hole. You don't get up into the bowl. If you walk away and you can play with the dog and you're out here, then you don't get to put in a bowl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Misty Bailey: Her brother did the the entire garden at one point he constrictions like isn't my journey to get them involved in like you were gone.
Misty Bailey: You did something else you chose spend your time something else, you didn't want to help dig up the garden so you don't get the fun part, putting in the bowl.
Misty Bailey: And then, of course, all sorts of upset because again you still like to even tell me he's like well mom just gives you whatever along if mom gets as a gift. She gives it to me as a gift.
Misty Bailey: Whatever mommy and he gives it to me because, you know, that's just how he is you just get anything you want. And I feel like it's kind of a big disservice because he doesn't interact with
Misty Bailey: He doesn't interact with kids that aren't well off. He doesn't interact with anyone that doesn't get what they want. They want it. Does that make sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep.
Misty Bailey: And to be this is very, very entitled, like, What do you mean telling me that I had to figure out how to not be bored. I have to figure out to be. No, that's your job. Like, that's how he thinks
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The old is a big disservice.
Misty Bailey: I think the older one totally cool. The older one autism.
Misty Bailey: But he I super enjoy spending time with him because he's very much more like yeah, let me help. Yeah, let's do some work. Yeah, like he doesn't care what it is if you spending time with you.
Misty Bailey: Like I was doing 1000 piece puzzle. A very, it was a bunch of different books.
Misty Bailey: Way we worry about this seven year olds like ability
Misty Bailey: And you just sat there and just have to figure it out. I think you got a total of, like, five pieces the entire board.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Misty Bailey: He says he was like yeah like super excited
Misty Bailey: He didn't care that it took lots and lots of work. He's just, I just want to spend time with you. So I'll do whatever you doing oh you're cleaning the house. Well, let me help.
Misty Bailey: Like that's I keep
Misty Bailey: Whereas the younger ones.
Misty Bailey: Just like he's kind of he's kind of the favorite one over there with
Misty Bailey: I kind of have a preference to be able to run. I'm not afraid to admit that I prefer one over the other.
Misty Bailey: But you can definitely tell that the younger one is probably given the most attention and the most preferential treatment because he's the most needy most I need, I need, I need, I need, I need. Where's the older ones more like I'll just do my own thing.
Misty Bailey: And yeah, I just feel like it's a huge disservice to the everyone
Misty Bailey: Yeah, like even we were out hiking and when I told him, I said, Okay, we go hiking. If you chose a trail that goes down, you realize we have to walk up that trail. Right.
Misty Bailey: fielder ones like God. Okay, we're not going down that trail yet and eventually we really just want to go down the trail cool but other trail.
Misty Bailey: And Hudson's like soon as we haven't started walking back up. He's like, I don't want do this anymore. And the older brothers, like do don't ruin this for me. That's what he said. He's like, Don't ruin this for me because he comes to get a lot of is fun ruined because his little
Misty Bailey: Yeah, it was like putting the truck is wake up there. You want wait on here. There's no option but to walk back up.
Misty Bailey: Up option. And he's like, well, I don't want to do this isn't, it isn't fun to walk back up and I'm like,
Misty Bailey: Then you want to be stuck out in the middle of the woods, because I'm just going to keep walking. And you can follow me or not. And he's just like he just started freaking out who's like you know me, I'm like, that's it you're five feet behind me.
Misty Bailey: I could reach out and I'm not leaving you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, did he walk up. Yeah.
Misty Bailey: Eventually locked up crying crying. Half the way because he's just like, I don't want to do this. I don't want to have to walk a lot of work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. Yeah, you're gonna have your hands full. When that was a teenager, that's for sure.
Misty Bailey: I feel bad for the older one because the older one has expressed several times. I'm like,
Misty Bailey: Dude, you're ruining this for me because it's not like if the younger one does something bad. And we had something planned. We had to cancel the entire trip because I can't leave a five year old one alone and just take the older one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Misty Bailey: You have to cancel all of it. And the older one camera and he's starting to realize that I'm not doing anything wrong, but I'm getting punished because of it.
Misty Bailey: And I don't like it.
Misty Bailey: And the problem is that I overheard the five year old talking about how he's going to like fake cry to get his older brother in trouble, how he's going to like
Misty Bailey: Tell them tell us that Cameron did something bad, even though we didn't just to get them in trouble because he sat on his bed, he said. He said, I'm
Misty Bailey: Going to tell, I'm gonna tell Mr. You did this is that I can hear them. And so when housing comes out is like camera did this. And I'm like, Cameron sat on your bed.
Misty Bailey: Well, it is my bed. He's not supposed to stand with them like you just lied about what he did. He's like, he's on my bed, and that's just like you're such a manipulative little
Misty Bailey: nippy little like we
Misty Bailey: Don't say that. Obviously, to him, but I think I'm like, where are you learning these skills from
Misty Bailey: That's not something normal people know how to do. It's something that they're either taught or like reinforced.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, or they watch
Misty Bailey: Yeah, that's what I'm thinking like taught like like that's being by watching
Misty Bailey: who's blind to who like in my head, I'm like, everything we do the house. We never ever ever told the kids don't play a mom.
Misty Bailey: I'm totally against that 100%. I'm like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If we
Misty Bailey: Were doing that your ex their mom should know about, we might consider whether we should do that in front of the kids in the first place, or do it at all. Right. Like, that's how it works in my head. I don't like lying or deceiving in any way.
Misty Bailey: And so like it makes you wonder if like on their end of things they say, Don't Tell, don't tell you that don't know, you know I'm saying, like, don't do that.
Misty Bailey: It makes me wonder if that kind of stuff is going on because I know it's not happening on our side because we've never not once said, don't tell don't so
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You never know.
Misty Bailey: Yeah.
Misty Bailey: It's just, you know, it's an interesting thing. So we have to really my boyfriend right now he's actually on his therapist appointment with his
Misty Bailey: He reached out to a family therapist to help work with him and his kids to get like a better
Misty Bailey: Like how to help raise a kid with autism and help to help
raise kids being cool
Misty Bailey: non standard family, right, like how to help
Misty Bailey: With that, because he's just like, sometimes you get overwhelmed and I don't know what to do.
Misty Bailey: When
Misty Bailey: The five year olds crying because he wants his mom and he's over here like what do I do like i don't i don't kids. So he took it upon himself about two months ago to find himself a family therapist.
Misty Bailey: So one week of just became a therapist, and then the next week. It'll be him. And the kids and therapist that rotates.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice. That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really, really good. It shows that he's willing to, you know, do whatever he needs to do to, you know, help the kids.
You know,
Misty Bailey: Yeah. Yeah, he definitely has their best interest in mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, sounds like it very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're going to work on your responses this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and think about how you're portraying the information. And you know what it is that you need to filter through before it comes out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And try to
Misty Bailey: Have come out and not just walk away.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we'll just we'll practice that for this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we'll expand on it next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see what we can implement and add into it. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And have an awesome week missing.
Misty Bailey: This time next week.
Misty Bailey: Yes. Yeah, that's what a triple check that. Cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Misty Bailey: All right, I'll see you next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Have a great week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You do. Okay, bye.
Moyocoyotzin: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, Joe, how are you
Moyocoyotzin: Good. Are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good are you at work again.
Moyocoyotzin: No, I'm in the car. Again, I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's it going,
Moyocoyotzin: I drove home I talked to the guy again. I don't even know his name on that the virtual clinic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Moyocoyotzin: You don't mean that you're gone. So I was at a park, I made it home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good. I tried to text you to like do you have in the bottom of your screen where it says chat.
Moyocoyotzin: I won't even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: touch the screen.
Moyocoyotzin: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the bottom. Do you have participants chat that kind of stuff.
Moyocoyotzin: By
Moyocoyotzin: Something
Moyocoyotzin: Say,
Moyocoyotzin: That's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Yeah, because on my, on my zoom. I can chat with you while you're in the waiting room and I tried to send a message to tell you I was going to be 15 minutes late, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that you knew, and then when you didn't respond to that. I went to the virtual clinic and talk to them and I said, Can somebody call them and let him know he's sitting in my waiting room when I want to let them know that you know it's going to be a few minutes so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they left a message for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Joe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You froze, Joe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm gonna stop the recording and tell Joe comes back because he is frozen.
Moyocoyotzin: I don't know what happened. I got another call we get better reception.
Moyocoyotzin: You
Hear me
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Moyocoyotzin: Now,
Moyocoyotzin: My phone broke. I broke it, but
Moyocoyotzin: I mean, using my wife's phone right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, broke my phone.
Moyocoyotzin: Through the
Moyocoyotzin: Through
Moyocoyotzin: The wall.
Moyocoyotzin: I'm stupid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Moyocoyotzin: Me and her were fighting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not fair. Fighting
Moyocoyotzin: We're fighting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not, that's not fair fight.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Moyocoyotzin: Wall.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was the frustration.
Moyocoyotzin: Nope. Whoo. Whoo.
Moyocoyotzin: You know, we've been married a little over two years and there's no excuse for it. I know that.
Moyocoyotzin: Don't know, or just always fighting. She's always accusing me of things and they never happened. So
Moyocoyotzin: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That okay so let's talk about that a little bit.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're are the things that you're being accused of things that you have a history of doing
Moyocoyotzin: No.
Moyocoyotzin: I'm glad you're not
Moyocoyotzin: was locked up all the mirrors. We can i mean
Moyocoyotzin: I was working at this place and
Moyocoyotzin: I was working at Presbyterian Hospital here in Albuquerque. And the lady was training me and do I know things I had an affair with her and it never happened. Yeah, I mean I see her. I ended up my butt dialing the phone and I was telling the girls succeed and
Moyocoyotzin: You know, and that's where all that came from. So I don't know.
Moyocoyotzin: Which he's always had issues about that's almost from the beginning of our relationship.
Moyocoyotzin: And she's the only one I've been with other than my ex wife that was 18 years ago I met her I dated one girl before her, and that was it. Yeah, I mean I didn't stay with her.
Moyocoyotzin: I met her in November and new year's day it was over.
Moyocoyotzin: Because she was accusing me of she was going to call my PO because I wanted to add Linder, my, my dad bought a blazer and I lend it to her as I don't have a license and she would pick me up and
Moyocoyotzin: She threatened to so I told her I had to take the car and she turned to call my PR me and call the cops and everything else because I wasn't going to get in the car. I got, man. Well, I'm just gonna take off. No, I didn't have a license.
Moyocoyotzin: But anyway, long story short, there and and Cody I that I finally met her, and
Moyocoyotzin: They were friends at one time my world, it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hahaha yeah
Moyocoyotzin: So,
Moyocoyotzin: You know, and but I never slept with the other girl. I never eat because I was a I was on that program where for the hepatitis, I had the eight eight week medication and
Moyocoyotzin: My doctor
Moyocoyotzin: At the clinic where I picked up health care for the homeless. That's where my P O said me and that's where I got on the Suboxone program there and
Moyocoyotzin: And that's what happened there. I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: She don't miss anyone and do nothing. Because, uh, and I respected her wishes and then I ended up all that she were always fighting to me. And so
Moyocoyotzin: I don't know.
Moyocoyotzin: Me. I've been I was locked up for a long time. I don't know me and been around women the guards there, but I, those are the end me I'd never talked to them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you struggle with being able to communicate in an appropriate manner to your spouse.
Moyocoyotzin: That's what Joanna tells me I mean she because I end up getting address but I get mad because she accuses me of things that I didn't even do we, I mean, and it's in her head and she just keeps on and keeps on saying that I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Never know what it will. Okay, so if you but dialed her then. Just remember that she heard what she heard and whether or not it was true, or you know anything happened or didn't happen. Whatever Happened in what she heard she heard
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So for her. That is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
Moyocoyotzin: Know exactly but you know I even told the girl. I love my wife. I mean I anyone nothing with a with a lady. She was way younger to my daughter's a me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he's
Moyocoyotzin: My daughter's just turned 38 I'm going to be 60. I mean, I ain't got nothing in common, other than fucking excuse the word, but that never happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So okay, so what if, what if, what if, instead of getting mad about being accused of something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about it respond in a in a calm manner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just deny it, tell your wife that you love her and that it never happened.
Moyocoyotzin: I do all that. And I try and I try because we don't get nowhere. Yeah, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Moyocoyotzin: We tried talk and eventually I did end up getting mad because it just comes on and tells me that it happened, never happened. I mean, I even quit my job because of all that, you know, I mean, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there may be two months.
Moyocoyotzin: So that maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She was trading you but we're flirting with her.
Moyocoyotzin: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, she flirting with you.
Moyocoyotzin: Yes, he was.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what did you live here.
Moyocoyotzin: She even told me she wanted to have six and I told I told my wife. I mean, I love my wife. I mean, I don't need nobody I got her. Yeah, I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: When I got out of the night, you know, my PO and I was seeing her name was Sarah. She was the site there at the clinic and
Moyocoyotzin: They didn't believe me they told me. Nope. We. That's the first thing a man comes out of prison he wants a woman I my, my response to that was always trying to get my life together. I didn't have a woman for first time was 20 years and then I went back and did 30 more years. Yeah, I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, I was trying to
Moyocoyotzin: sit together. I mean, and I met her name was
Moyocoyotzin: already forgot her name.
Moyocoyotzin: Cecilia and
Moyocoyotzin: Then after that I met. That's how I met Joanna.
Moyocoyotzin: A friend of ours said I was dating or and Joanna wanted to tell me
Moyocoyotzin: About this girl because he lied to me from the gauge, he was using heroin. She was on this box and she was using an area.
Moyocoyotzin: All the fields, I found that out after you know I mean because I told the straight up where I had been and you know I don't like line. And that's all she did to me was like me and then I met Joe and
Moyocoyotzin: I asked her out and but we talked over the only she told me about about Cecilia and
Moyocoyotzin: Then I ended up talk for about two weeks on the phone and I asked her out. I came to visit her here at the house.
Moyocoyotzin: I took her out.
Moyocoyotzin: Because I listened to everything she told me she told me to see love free Cheetos and I brought her rose. I brought her Cheetos and candy.
Moyocoyotzin: She thought she goes. Nope. Will you listen to it all sat down and you know i mean but you know I fell in love with her. We got married. Maybe about a year after
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah,
Moyocoyotzin: We've been together the low over two years now. Yeah, I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, this November coming will have two years married. It'll be three years that we've been together.
November 3
Moyocoyotzin: But I met her for two years, but two weeks after New Year's when I left the other girl I talked to her for two weeks. But no.
Moyocoyotzin: I don't know. Joanna.
Moyocoyotzin: But anyway, she's been married I Murphy Todd's been here. I'm saying
Moyocoyotzin: Uh huh. And so, you know, or I knew her first has been in prison, oh I known her first husband, she has two kids from him and I knew him for I've known him for like 30 years but I knew him in prison. I didn't know him out here. I mean us up and
Moyocoyotzin: User and all that.
Moyocoyotzin: And then she was with some of the married some other guy he was in prison. I don't know. I mean, I don't know.
Moyocoyotzin: So,
Moyocoyotzin: But yeah, the pastor, as I told her I know that's I got a pass. You gotta pass
Moyocoyotzin: On all that
Moyocoyotzin: It is what it is.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we have to we have to learn some communication skills.
Moyocoyotzin: Right, yeah. I guess I do I try
Moyocoyotzin: But you know, it's hard to because, you know, I mean, when you get
Moyocoyotzin: Things You Didn't do you, I mean, you know, you know, I met enough if I did sleep with Lady a tower. Yeah, I mean, but I didn't do a nine o'clock to something I didn't do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah I don't play me there and you shouldn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But in the same spot in the same right in the same instance getting angry and throwing your phone doesn't help anything either. Right.
Moyocoyotzin: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need to do is I would have been very
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah. Well, I went through that, too. When I first got out of the state. I did 20 in the state. And then I got all got car with a gun and they gave me 15 years I did 13 almost to the day on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We did anger management through that.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, I did. Anger management. The P. O. I had back then had me doing all that and
Moyocoyotzin: I guess nothing
Moyocoyotzin: Says in places I guess turn you into an animal. Yeah, I mean I picked up a murder in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Moyocoyotzin: It's crazy. I mean, it's different. It's got to survive. You know I'm saying, and, uh,
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, I learned them places. That's the first thing I learned you can trust, nobody. I mean other than nine but people homie all that shit that went out the window. Quick i mean i during that right away. Nobody cares about places.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, it was about 10 years. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I told you.
Moyocoyotzin: I wasn't around any women you know my, my wife waited. My first wife waited 20 she waited all that time in six years on this one.
Moyocoyotzin: And my sack and bid and then we got a divorce and 2009 T phone somebody and but I had told her all the mirrors, you know,
Moyocoyotzin: Find somebody I was using dope all the time I was in there. I came out after 20 years and I started using heroin again within four months.
Moyocoyotzin: But I've been not almost four years and I haven't used it. I mean, I've like I told you. JUNE JUNE 3 was the last time I use heroin. Four years ago, a little over four years. Yeah, I mean, so that's as the record for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've been out for years you've been sober for years. Right.
Moyocoyotzin: The lower for yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So how have you
Moyocoyotzin: Heard I'll have four years. I haven't used heroin.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And for years that you've had your freedom.
Moyocoyotzin: Y'all have August August 12 I have four years old.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How so in the past four years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think about the last four years. Don't think about the time when you were in prison because that's your history. It's done and gone, you've been out in society for four years now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So you think about how you communicate to other people outside of your family unit. I want you to think about how you communicate to other people you communicate with me pretty well.
Moyocoyotzin: Right, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so giving when you're in a frustrating conversation with your wife. There's nothing wrong with saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm feeling I'm getting frustrated and I need to take a few minutes, I need to walk out walk away from this conversation for a few minutes. Let's come back in an hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's talk about this in an hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. But give yourself those minutes so that you don't break any more phones so that you know your grandkids that live in your house don't hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Throwing phones against the wall. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Moyocoyotzin: It's hard to talk to her because she won't give me that I mean she just keeps on and keeps on and that's what I tell her we don't get nowhere. We stay stuck at that same where you're accusing me of doing these things and
Moyocoyotzin: You know, they never happen.
Moyocoyotzin: I tried to tell her I met enough if I did sleep with a lady, I tell you, you know, I mean that we've been going through this for almost a year now.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, being all the time will be all right for the four days and then she'll start and I mean
Moyocoyotzin: You know, I heard her. I get it. I mean, but I never did what she's saying, I did you, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know there's something. Okay, so there's physical cheating, right, there's going and having sex with somebody else. But there's something that's also called emotional cheating.
Moyocoyotzin: Right. She told me that, too.
Moyocoyotzin: She tells me that all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah, definitely you know emotionally cheated with this other girl.
Moyocoyotzin: Here is I guess she got hurt because I was talking to her. I mean, but we were working with. She was training me but you know I never, I never led the lady on. I never nothing. I mean, she was younger. You know, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you know what I would suggest is that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just validate her feelings. You know what I mean. But tell her.
Moyocoyotzin: Right and join us told me, You mean to talk to you about it, you know, I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: Talk to somebody. I mean, I told her. I'll talk to you about it. Yeah, I mean that we, I get another view and
Moyocoyotzin: She's writing. I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: You know, and I tried to tell her, it never happened. But she just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sex never happen. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, okay.
No, that's how we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, but the emotional part
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There, that's to that. That's really a thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can take the cell phones for that because you know once
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: cellphones became such a big huge thing people were going on and text messaging sexting other people. You know what I mean, they never would physically touch them, but the words that they would say they were flirting and talking in that manner to other people, which is a form of cheating.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Moyocoyotzin: You know, in the conversations you heard I was telling her, you know, I didn't want nothing. You know, I don't. My wife and she heard all that part two. I mean, and
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, I don't know.
Moyocoyotzin: That's what I tell her.
Moyocoyotzin: You heard that. Didn't you say that, but that don't matter. You were still and she do I know the type of person where she had already told me she one third party in a relationship, don't tell nobody nothing and fish to be another woman.
Moyocoyotzin: My sister. That's all I got. Is my sister. She gets hurt when I talked to my sister. I mean,
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, this is what I know, I know that you can't change her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can. The only thing that you can do is change your response.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what we're working on right now is you right and so being able to change your response to her insecurities.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is going to help you in the long run.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Moyocoyotzin: Exactly right.
Yeah.
Moyocoyotzin: We'll have to talk to you more about it than because you know it's you know I love, joy, and I mean she's my life by
Moyocoyotzin: I tried to give her EVERYTHING I CAN YOU. I mean, I was where I was at. And, you know, and she understands that you
Moyocoyotzin: Know, I don't know, you know, and I throw it at her to you. I mean, boo. You know, we're all men aren't the same. You know, I mean, I'm sure a lot of ways we all are, but
Moyocoyotzin: You know, because I had told her from the gay. I mean, I, I told her, just like I told Cecilia You. I mean, I don't want to lie. Don't lie to me. I mean, be straight up.
Moyocoyotzin: You know, I ain't going to grow in her and and do something like that. Some my one one know because I did that to my first wife, you know, I mean, I was young guy reason when I was 23 years old I didn't get out till I was 43 years old and she's still waited for me all them years and
Moyocoyotzin: Like came out, I started doing this in bullshit robbing and using heroin.
Moyocoyotzin: And she's still waiting for Mac got locked up again. But you know, I heard her and you know I wouldn't want that to happen between me and her. Yeah, I mean, because I don't know. That's just the way you know yeah I mean I've grown up a lot.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I
Moyocoyotzin: Heard like that. And I understand you. And then, which is where she's coming from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it to be in the same sense if we change if we work on changing your responses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Outcomes going to be better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And I want to bring something up to you. Okay. You were in you've been out in society for four years that prison no longer owns you Joe.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Moyocoyotzin: That's what she tells me because he I still get in the shower with our shoes. I watched my boxers in the shower and then things are hard to break you know i mean i did it for so many years. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you do. And I know that it took a huge it took a huge chunk of your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, but knowing that you never have to go and you never have to go back there again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your freedom and now you get to live today. You know what I mean, you're clean and sober.
Moyocoyotzin: You know, the government. Don't hold me
Moyocoyotzin: Know Me. Me. So I'm all for all everything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And God forbid that you have a have a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want to call it a temper tantrum a tantrum throw your phone break something, somebody called you know what I mean, God forbid, anything can happen. And so we want to change your responses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so your grandchildren don't watch us either
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As you're, you're the person that they're looking up to
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, my then
Moyocoyotzin: Both of them mean. I mean, we got the baby's fine months, we got the baby girl. She's two years old she you know it's a good billion, you know, my daughter. I left when she was a year and a half, you know, means I got all choose 20 years old, I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: That's the only kid I've had. That's the only kid. I got it. I ain't got no kids just her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got beautiful grandbabies
Moyocoyotzin: Right, and I have three grandbabies with my daughter and I mean ones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now again,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got five grandkids.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, I got six be here, and with my daughter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty amazing. You've been gifted
Moyocoyotzin: Those are drawn, do I know what my step daughter, those are her kids so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I remember
Moyocoyotzin: I got to mourn, or we got 678 grandkids either old to two girls, two, one.
Moyocoyotzin: Or two good ones 11
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember, I want you to remember this. All right, you've got a plethora of females. Right, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What they what you show them what you monitor what you role model in front of them is how they believe there they is how they believe they should be treated in a relationship.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that make sense.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, you don't. You want to be a role model that shows them respect encourage and love and take no shit from know from nobody. Right.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, especially a man. I mean I wouldn't want to be treated. You know when you hear it or anything.
Moyocoyotzin: Crazy phrase.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about it in those terms. And I know that it's just a phone, but you know when you boil it down and you break it down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Into smaller terms kids really learn what they live. And so if this is what the babies are hearing and what the babies are seeing, then that's what they believe, as normal. That's what they think is okay. Right.
Moyocoyotzin: Right. Oh yeah, they
Moyocoyotzin: Pick up area for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they do. So what we want to do is, is to give you some skills to be able to not throw phones anymore when you're frustrated. Right, so that way the next time your responses different and you can respect yourself and respect the house full of females that you have going on over there.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So that's what we're going to work on the next couple weeks. All right, we're gonna work.
Moyocoyotzin: Excuse me. I was going to you. I didn't have the phone. We tried. I was at work, yesterday, so she's tried to call and get another meeting with Chris and but they wanted to talk to me. She told me when I got home so that didn't happen. I missed a meeting with him again yesterday.
Moyocoyotzin: You know, I thought I was gonna miss it today, but I told you last week, I'll be here. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important. It's really okay so because you're engaged in a mat program. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you and I are doing together.
Moyocoyotzin: Right. They got me on crazy hours. I'm telling you.
Moyocoyotzin: That with all this girl respond on there. They had a lot of people and they're opening up new mexico all the ways soon I think
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, that's what this was saying. So, you know, we're because we're only bearing coffins. Right now we're doing it out of those, but the cremations, and the ones we put in the Crips, all that are going to be starting now the boss told us.
Moyocoyotzin: He said, it's been get crazier.
Moyocoyotzin: Because he got me on call. So I gotta go up when they call
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but you've also be got to be attentive to your program to
Moyocoyotzin: I know, I know, and I don't want to be missing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I and I know that it's interfering with your schedule, but you've got to be present, you know, and that's Dr all men, you know, he's busy. You know, he's got a lot of patients, a lot of clients that he's working with and he actually sent me an email asking me when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was going to see you and reiterate that is vitally important that you're up front for your program, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you come to group that you come to your meetings with him and your meetings with him will be very long. It's just a check in to see how you're doing things we adjusted
Moyocoyotzin: Because he had told me when I first started the program, he had told me I gotta be on the thing. I mean, because some people get those two boxes. If he gives him a full prescription, then you won't see them for the whole month you know I'm saying, I get it.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Moyocoyotzin: She told me she tried to reschedule it, but whoever at the virtual clinic or whatever they told her, they needed to talk to me. And by the time I got home, I didn't even do it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just know that they're open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can call in and yeah
And they'll get, like, oh,
Moyocoyotzin: I didn't know they were open all day, all night.
Moyocoyotzin: All day long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so be, you know, and part of it is because you have to take accountability and be responsible for your program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're responsible with work. You're responsible with your family. This is a vital piece of that, you know, this is your self care.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Moyocoyotzin: Very good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so I'm reiterating to you how important it is that you show up for group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that you show up for your appointments
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and that's what Dr. Element asked me to make sure that you understood. Because what happens when you don't show up. Is it shows you're a non compliance.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't want to be a non compliance your prescription days get shorter because they it puts you in a high risk category. When you put your recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right back of the line. You know what I mean. You want your recovery in the front of the line because everything else benefits when you do that.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Moyocoyotzin: That makes sense. Yeah, it makes sense. I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So show up and suit up and show up for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your for your program. Okay.
Moyocoyotzin: Right, okay.
Moyocoyotzin: And we'll head.
Moyocoyotzin: What about this more. I mean, because it's getting crazy. I mean, I try with her.
Moyocoyotzin: Well, I know.
Moyocoyotzin: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does get frustrating and I can totally hear it and I totally understand where you're at, with it. But let's change your responses to it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you disengage. If you do not engage in the argument, step back. Don't engage in the argument I call it totaling up turtle up
Moyocoyotzin: But
Moyocoyotzin: What's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your mouth.
Moyocoyotzin: Let it go. Do we both come down there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and that's what you need to say listen and you can you can tell her this to my this is what my therapist told me to do. She told me that will work starting to get back in that argumentative cycle for me to take time out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Us to take time out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and come back one more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I want you to know that I love you and I want this to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm going to reiterate that I did not sleep with that girl, and I'm sorry for the emotional anguish that I caused you and that's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then just step back, take that time that you need so that you don't throw phones so that those babies don't hear you guys arguing. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your response. Once you take the sales from your side. Take out the wind. Take out the argument. Take out the fight. You have nothing to defend if you did nothing wrong. Remember that
Moyocoyotzin: And she told she told me that all the time because I get defensive because I did do something but I get. I get defensive because I get accused the things I didn't do. That's why give me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Change that thought. You have nothing to defend
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you and you feel yourself getting frustrated when you feel that coming on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stop. And you can say, I'm starting to get frustrated. We need to take a time, we need to take a break, because I don't want to argue with you over this again. I love you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's come back in a couple hours and if we're not okay in a couple hours, then let's revisit this in 24 hours.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Moyocoyotzin: All right, got it right. I guess I just see told me I needed because we're going to, I don't know. You want to go already, but we have went to marriage constantly for a while, you know that that didn't really work either. I mean, because you just kept telling the
Moyocoyotzin: Therapist. The same thing to read because he would ask me, and I told them. Yeah, I mean, she's always accusing me of these things and then they never happen. That's
Moyocoyotzin: You know, I was locked up for a long time. Yeah. I mean, in the, you know, I even heard her like that. You mean because I don't want, I don't want to be heard like
Moyocoyotzin: I get it, I did it to my first wife, and
Moyocoyotzin: No. And that's that was before I went to prison and
Moyocoyotzin: I tried to work means are we, I came out and
Moyocoyotzin: You know, I started using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when she starts at when she starts bringing it up again. What would be her response if you just walked up and hugged her
Moyocoyotzin: Please me away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I say try it.
Moyocoyotzin: Okay, I'll try.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's called opposite action you're doing the complete opposite than what you would normally do.
Moyocoyotzin: You know, and then we'll, we'll be good. I mean, we'll get over it, I guess. And then she'll but she thinks about and she's constantly that's in their mind all the time. You know, I mean, I get it. I've heard
Moyocoyotzin: It.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you might have to do it a little bit of times but validate her feelings and and you know tell her you know I love you and I'm here and you know i know that i did act that way, you know, in the past, I learned from it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: will never happen again.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. But you don't have anything to defend you've already voice that in don't engage in that in that part of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pull yourself back from it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good try that. That's your first assignment.
Moyocoyotzin: Right. Yeah, that didn't get on that other theme. But you told me because I got the phone, but I'll do it eventually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once you get once you get a phone again you're
Moyocoyotzin: Gonna get paid tomorrow, so I'm gonna, we're gonna we're gonna go get one. We went over there. Now, I was close Metro PCS or
Moyocoyotzin: Those that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, that's totally fine. But make sure that you make your groups and make sure that you make your appointment with Dr element. OK.
Moyocoyotzin: OK, I will. I'll, uh, I'll see on Wednesday, I mean to yeah Wednesday, for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I email him. I have to email him and let him know that you were here today and that we talked about this and that you understand the importance of it so that and that you will be there at the next appointment and the next group.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, because she enjoys
Moyocoyotzin: She tried to get them do
Moyocoyotzin: To change it or something, but they don't get told her that they needed to talk to me. So I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because they want you accountable and upfront to deal with your program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that makes sense.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what you gotta do. All right.
That'll work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have a great week. You have your assignment for this week and next week. Let's I'm changing our appointment from six to 630
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So a half hour later. All right.
Moyocoyotzin: So it'll be 730 here in New Mexico.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes 730 your time.
Moyocoyotzin: Yes. Okay.
Moyocoyotzin: All right, I'll see you then. Thank you. I appreciate. I mean I guess I do to somebody. Yes, about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we will, we can dive into it and we can get into that full discussion next week. And again, I will give you more tools to be able to walk through this and to work with in what you have, as far as skills, go. Okay.
Moyocoyotzin: Okay. Okay, thank you. Have a good week to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do. Okay, don't forget group.
Moyocoyotzin: OK, I will, thank you. So what try and give me another prescription or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yo, I'm going to text him right now and he will then call in your prescription. So it should be there in a couple hours. All right. Yeah.
Moyocoyotzin: Although I'll get with him, you know, I mean I'll apologize entering. I know I gotta do this year. I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: I've been doing
Moyocoyotzin: I've been doing this program for you as my P O had me seen her four times a week, a month, you know I'm saying
Moyocoyotzin: The name was Sarah.
Moyocoyotzin: What they I think her last name, but that was part of the program. I mean, it was only one one time a month, but she wanted me to talk to her, or talk to somebody and
Moyocoyotzin: You know I asked.
Moyocoyotzin: She told me. No, it was fine. So I used to see you. Every Wednesday or no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Moyocoyotzin: I'll let you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember, you have to put your program first
Moyocoyotzin: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See you tomorrow.
Moyocoyotzin: Tomorrow,
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, tomorrow. Yes. Okay.
Moyocoyotzin: That's tomorrow or next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You. Well, what day do you normally have group Fridays at one edge. Whoa, or 130 year time right
Moyocoyotzin: No, I have them with I had him with Chris on Wednesdays, yesterday I just went, I missed it yesterday at 730 to 830 I have to check in an hour before, so I would check in at seven. So it was, yeah. Every, every Wednesday I missed it yesterday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. I'm thinking you're in Friday's group. Okay, make sure that you got a group on Wednesday.
Moyocoyotzin: Okay, I will
Moyocoyotzin: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, and we're looking forward to hearing how your week went, what with your upline your new skill.
Moyocoyotzin: Okay.
Moyocoyotzin: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye. Bye. See you next week. All right, bye.